Want to build stronger relationships at work?
Start by using your communication strengths—and
staying true to who you are.
When you’re genuine, people feel it.
You create trust—and that trust becomes the foundation for great
working relationships.
But here’s the thing—being yourself doesn’t mean
using one style all the time.
Communication also requires adaptability.
Flexing your style doesn’t mean changing who you are.
It just means showing different sides of yourself,
depending on the situation.
So, where do you begin?
First—look inward.
What are your communication strengths?
Maybe you’re a great listener.
Maybe you make others feel heard and comfortable.
Maybe you’re skilled at reading the room—or connecting one-on-one.
If you’re not sure, ask someone you trust.
We often overlook our own strengths because they come naturally to us.
Now, think about how you adapt.
Do you change your tone when talking to someone
who’s high energy—or more reserved?
Can you share a story or adjust your approach based on what they
need—facts, empathy, or big-picture thinking?
Before your next conversation, pause and reflect.
How can your strengths support the interaction?
Being mindful—and flexible—helps you connect with others in a way
that’s both effective and authentic.